feat: skeleton for script receiver (#3273)
signalfx/splunk-otel-collector: internal/receiver/scriptreceiver/README.md

> # Script Receiver

Reviewer: Thanks for sharing more info. What about something like Scripted Inputs Receiver (`scripted_inputs`) or similar to match the existing offering?

> # Scripted Inputs Receiver

Reviewer: Sorry, mind renaming the parent dir to `scriptedinputsreceiver`?

<!-- status autogenerated section -->
| Status        |                        |
| ------------- |------------------------|
| Stability     | [in-development]: logs |
| Distributions | [contrib]              |

> [in-development]: https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector#in-development

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[in-development]: https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector#development
```

Reviewer: I think this is the final item and I'll be sure to merge when updated.

[contrib]: https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-releases/tree/main/distributions/otelcol-contrib
<!-- end autogenerated section -->

## Overview

> Script receiver is a component that performs log collection equivalent to what the UF does when

Reviewer: nit
```suggestion
The scripted inputs receiver is a component that performs log collection equivalent to what the UF does when the
```

> Script receiver is a component that performs log collection equivalent to what the UF does when Unix and Linux Technical Add-on is installed.

Reviewer: Is there a doc you can link to w/ more information about the UF feature?

> | Script name           | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |

Reviewer: I think having this table after the config block as valid options could be helpful in introducing the component.

|-----------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | bandwidth.sh	         | Network statistics via the shell commands dlstat, netstat, and sar                                                                                                                                                           |

Reviewer: Are the `.sh` extensions necessary? If this is from existing config conventions I can see that being the case, but they could be redundant.

| version	            | OS version details via the shell command uname                                                                                                                                                                              |
| vmstat	            | Process-related memory usage information via the shell commands prstat, prtconf, ps, sar, svmon, swap, swapinfo, sysctl, top, uptime, and vmstat                                                                            |
| vsftpdChecker        | 	Parses vsftpd.conf for information about local VSFTP server configurations in /etc, /etc/vsftpd, or /private/etc                                                                                                          |
| who	                | Information about all users currently logged in via the shell command who                                                                                                                                                   |

The following settings are required:

- `script_name` : Name of the script to be executed.

> - `interval` : (default = `60s`) how often the script should be executed

Reviewer: I think `collection_interval` is the existing convention

The following settings are optional:

- `source` : source of the event
- `sourcetype` : sourcetype of the event

> - `multiline` : how the standard output of the script is split

Reviewer: any chance you can detail the supported values/sub-config or is this still in flux?

> - `exec_file` : Name of the script to be executed. Available script: bandwidth.sh, cpu.sh, df.sh, hardware.sh, interfaces.sh, iostat.sh, lastlog.sh, lsof.sh, netstat.sh, nfsiostat.sh, openPorts.sh, openPortsEnhanced.sh, package.sh, passwd.sh, protocol.sh, ps.sh, rlog.sh, selinuxChecker.sh, service.sh, setup.sh, sshdChecker.sh, time.sh, top.sh, update.sh, uptime.sh, usersWithLoginPrivs.sh, version.sh, vmstat.sh, vsftpdChecker.sh, who.sh

Reviewer: Along w/ my previous comment, not listing the options here can help with readability.

> - `exec_file` : Name of the script to be executed. Available script: bandwidth.sh, cpu.sh, df.sh, hardware.sh, interfaces.sh, iostat.sh, lastlog.sh, lsof.sh, netstat.sh, nfsiostat.sh, openPorts.sh, openPortsEnhanced.sh, package.sh, passwd.sh, protocol.sh, ps.sh, rlog.sh, selinuxChecker.sh, service.sh, setup.sh, sshdChecker.sh, time.sh, top.sh, update.sh, uptime.sh, usersWithLoginPrivs.sh, version.sh, vmstat.sh, vsftpdChecker.sh, who.sh

Reviewer: Since we won't want arbitrary file execution, `script_name` or similar would be my suggestion
